---
id: 275
title: Fran
date: 2016-10-30T16:02:35+00:00
author: Ondrej
layout: post
guid: http://www.wodtimecalculator.com/blog/?p=275
permalink: /fran/
dsq_thread_id:
  - "5265362003"
post_views_count:
  - "34"
categories:
  - CrossFit Girls
tags:
  - crossfit
  - crossfit fran
  - fran
  - fran time
  - fran wod
  - good time fran
  - how to get good time in Fran
  - time fran
  - what is good time for fran
  - wod time fran
---
<div class="card has-text-centered">
  <div class="card-header-title is-centered">
    <h3>
      CrossFit Girl &#8220;Fran&#8221;
    </h3>
  </div>
  
  <div class="card-block">
    <p class="card-text">
      21-15-9 reps, for time of:<br /> 95/65-pound Thruster<br /> Pull-ups
    </p>
  </div>
</div>

<big>Fran also known as one of the most popular CrossFit WODs</big>

## What is good time for CrossFit girl WOD Fran?

Accroding to [our app](http://wodtimecalculator.com/) **good time for Fran is 5 min and 32 seconds** with good time cap of 9 minutes. Unbroken Fran times range from about 1:50 to 4:00, it all depends how fast can you do thrusters and pull ups.

Fran under 3 minutes is milestone that will make you very great in the eyes of other CrossFitters. I personally know only few people who are able to beat 3:00 Fran if I don&#8217;t count Games and Regionals athletes and I am almost one of them, my last Fran was in 3:15 and I hope I will be able to beat that 3:00 soon.

But what makes Fran so special? In my opinion it&#8217;s one of the hardest CrossFit girls. Classic rep scheme 21-15-9 makes sure that if you scaled correctly you will be able to do all sets unbroken without resting while feeling the high intensity of thrusters which will tax your arms and quads and pull ups which will tax your back muscles. All of these will elevate your hearth rate so high that you will pray it&#8217;s over soon.

## 3 tips & tricks to get good time in Fran

[ad]

### #1 Go unbroken!

Fran is one of the few workouts where splitting the reps is not worth. Go unbroken but only if you know you are capable of doing so, you should have at least 30 pull ups and 30 thrusters 95 lbs unbroken before trying doing Fran unbroken.

Unbroken Fran range from about 1:50 to 4:00, it all depends on your breaks and on how fast can you keep moving.

Also if you are bad at pull ups or have weak legs for the thrusters you should consider scaling the movement instead of doing 21s in 3-6 sets.

### #2 Scale if you need to

As I said before, it is worth scaling the Fran if you can do at least set of 21 reps unbroken on both movements. Fran is meant to be highly intensive WOD and there is no point of doing Fran 5 or more minutes longer.

Here are some scaling options you should consider:

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-md-4">
    <div class="card">
      <h3 class="card-header-title is-centered">
        Lightly Scaled &#8220;Fran&#8221;
      </h3>
      
      <div class="card-block">
        <p class="card-text">
          For Time:<br /> 21-15-9 65/45-pound Thruster<br /> 15-12-9 Pull-ups
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  
  <div class="col-md-4">
    <div class="card">
      <h3 class="card-header-title is-centered">
        Moderately Scaled &#8220;Fran&#8221;
      </h3>
      
      <div class="card-block">
        <p class="card-text">
          21-15-9 reps, for time of:<br /> 45/35-pound Thruster<br /> Jumping Pull-ups
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  
  <div class="col-md-4">
    <div class="card">
      <h3 class="card-header-title is-centered">
        Heavily Scaled &#8220;Fran&#8221;
      </h3>
      
      <div class="card-block">
        <p class="card-text">
          21-15-9 reps, for time of:<br /> PVC Thrusters<br /> Banded Pull Ups/Ring Rows
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

### #3 Time entering the &#8220;dark&#8221; place

What is the &#8220;dark&#8221; place? It&#8217;s the place where you enter during WOD if you decide to not listen to you body and continue moving even after all your muscles and breathing gives up.

When you are in the dark place you can stay here only for short time or you will fail hardly in the WOD.

You should consider increasing the pace and going unbroken from starting set of 15 pull ups. In that moment you have only about 1 minute to finish the workout and if you will enter the dark place you will be able to do all sets unbroken.

If you will time it right you will finish Fran before failing. This trick may help you have almost 1 minute faster Fran time but you must be willing to suffer a lot!

### BONUS: How to NOT do Fran

Back in 2011 I didn&#8217;t know anyone who is doing CrossFit neither I knew how to scale or what is the intensity, I was just blindly doing all random WODs I found in crossfit.com archives. Here is video of my first Fran from 2011 and it shows you exactly how you shouldn&#8217;t do Fran. If I were smarter I would probably do &#8220;Moderately Scaled Fran&#8221;, finish it under 5:00 and I would benefit much more from such workout. Anyway have fun watching me suffer on my first Fran. 🙂

<!-- AddThis Advanced Settings generic via filter on the_content -->

<!-- AddThis Share Buttons generic via filter on the_content -->